New Entry and Terms: JavaScript jQuery (#857)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/jquery/terms/show/show.md

---
Title: '.shows()'
Description: 'Shows a hidden HTML element.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'jQuery'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`.show()`** method shows a hidden HTML element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.show()`** method shows a hidden [HTML element](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements).
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> $(selector).show(speed,callback);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$(selector).show(speed, callback);
```

```

> Will show the element(s) specified by `selector`. `speed` and `callback` are optional. `speed` can be "slow" or "fast" or number of millisecods. `callback` is a function that is called once showing is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The element(s) specified by `selector` will be shown. The `speed` and `callback` parameters are optional. `speed` can be "slow" or "fast" or number of milliseconds. `callback` is a [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/callbacks) that is called once showing is complete.
```

## Example

> The following jQuery code will show the element selected with `#hide` when the `#show` element is clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following jQuery code will show the element selected with `#hide` when the `#show` element is clicked:
```

---
Title: '.shows()'
Description: 'Shows a hidden HTML element.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'DOM'
  - 'Events'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'jQuery'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`.show()`** method shows a hidden [HTML element](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements).

## Syntax

```pseudo
$(selector).show(speed, callback);
```

- `selector`: Specifies the elements that will be shown.
- `speed`(optional): Can be "slow" or "fast" or the number of milliseconds.

> - `callback`(optional): A [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/callbacks) that is called once showing is complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `callback`(optional): A [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/callbacks) that is called once the element has been displayed.
```
